service/rpi-sb-provisioner.sh                   /usr/bin
service/rpi-fde-provisioner.sh                  /usr/bin
service/rpi-naked-provisioner.sh                /usr/bin
service/rpi-sb-bootstrap.sh                     /usr/bin
service/rpi-sb-triage.sh                        /usr/bin
service/rpi-sb-common.sh                        /usr/bin
fetch-repo-package-list/fetch-repo-package-list /usr/bin
rpi-package-download/rpi-package-download       /usr/bin

service/rpi-sb-provisioner@.service                         /usr/lib/systemd/system
service/rpi-fde-provisioner@.service                        /usr/lib/systemd/system
service/rpi-naked-provisioner@.service                      /usr/lib/systemd/system
service/rpi-sb-bootstrap@.service                           /usr/lib/systemd/system
service/rpi-sb-triage@.service                              /usr/lib/systemd/system

fetch-repo-package-list/fetch-repo-package-list@.timer      /usr/lib/systemd/system
fetch-repo-package-list/fetch-repo-package-list@.service    /usr/lib/systemd/system
rpi-package-download/rpi-package-download@.service          /usr/lib/systemd/system

host-support/cryptroot_initramfs                    /var/lib/rpi-sb-provisioner
host-support/boot_ramdisk_config.txt                /var/lib/rpi-sb-provisioner
host-support/fastboot-gadget.img                    /var/lib/rpi-sb-provisioner
host-support/fastboot-gadget.2710-bootfiles-bin     /var/lib/rpi-sb-provisioner
host-support/bootloader.secure                      /var/lib/rpi-sb-provisioner
host-support/bootloader.naked                       /var/lib/rpi-sb-provisioner
host-support/manufacturing-data                     /var/lib/rpi-sb-provisioner
host-support/state-recording                        /var/lib/rpi-sb-provisioner

host-support/config                                 /etc/rpi-sb-provisioner
